Part 3 of #1018: Right open-ray topology on $[0,1]$ (#1100)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000159/properties/P000043.md

---
space: S000159
property: P000043
value: true
---

The topology on $X$ is coarser than that of {S158}, so the formal identity map from {S158} to
{S159} restricts to an arc between any two given distinct points in $X$.

> More generally, all open sets are of the form $X$ or $(a,1]$ for $0 \leq a \leq 1$, which are all {P38} by
> essentially the same argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, since all nonempty open sets in $X$ are order-convex, they are {P38}.
```
simplification
